README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="docusaurus/static/img/logo_w_text.png" width="400" />
</p>

<p align="center"><em>TypeScript Full Stack Image Storage & Caching Library</em></p>

**Pixstore** is a modern, high-performance, and fully secure image storage and caching library for both Node.js backends and browser frontends. It is written in **vanilla TypeScript** with zero external frameworks or heavy dependencies.

Pixstore enables **end-to-end encrypted**, reliable, and scalable image serving for any web app — from simple JavaScript projects to full-stack production systems.

## 🔑 Key Features

- **Automatic browser caching:** Transparent IndexedDB cache with token-based invalidation and eviction.
- **End-to-end encryption:** All images are AES-GCM encrypted, with a unique key per image. Keys never leave the backend by default.
- **Minimal wire protocol:** Efficient, protocol-agnostic binary wire format for image transfer.
- **Stateless secure endpoints:** All access is protected by a stateless, time-based proof and per-image tokens. Default endpoint is now secure-by-default.
- **High performance backend:** Uses SQLite for fast, reliable metadata storage and cache.
- **Production-ready:** Includes comprehensive tests and example apps (Vue+Nest, React+Express).
- **Fully extensible:** Supports custom endpoints and image fetchers for advanced integrations.
- **Minimal dependencies:** Lightweight and easy to audit.
- **TypeScript native:** Full typesafety and strict API design.
- **Universal API:** The same methods and types for both frontend and backend.

---

## 💡 Why Pixstore?

- **Unified image solution:** One library for both backend image storage and frontend caching.
- **Serious security:** Images are always encrypted at rest and in transit; only the intended client can decrypt.
- **True stateless access:** No sessions, cookies, or opaque tokens. All access is cryptographically verifiable.
- **Flexible integration:** Use with any framework or tech stack. Example projects provided.
- **Minimal friction:** Start serving and caching secure images in minutes.
- **Actively maintained:** Frequent updates and new features based on real-world needs.

Pixstore is ideal for any project needing **secure, scalable, and high-performance image handling**—from indie webapps to enterprise SaaS.

---

## ✅ Compatibility

- **Node.js:** v16+ (tested on all current LTS versions)
- **Frameworks:** Compatible with React, Vue, Next.js, Express, NestJS, and more
- **Browsers:** Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge (latest 2 major versions)
- **Module format:** ES Modules (ESM) only

---

## 📦 Installation

Install via NPM:

```bash
npm install pixstore
```

Or using Yarn:

```bash
yarn add pixstore
```

### 📄 [View on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pixstore)

## 📚 Documentation

Learn how to install, configure and use Pixstore:  
👉 [View full documentation](https://sdenizozturk.github.io/pixstore)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, bug reports, and suggestions are **welcome**!
Please read the [Contributing Guide](https://sdenizozturk.github.io/pixstore/docs/contributing) before submitting a pull request.

- Found a bug or have a feature request? [Open an issue](https://github.com/sDenizOzturk/pixstore/issues).
- Want to help? See the guide and existing issues.

---

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs: add Pixstore presentation slide and update usage documentation [skip ci]
- Adds `pixstore-presentation.pdf` to the `assets/` folder
- Updates usage documentation (custom fetcher, integration, examples)
- Replaces old logo in static/img and moves it to assets/
- Adds visual presentation section to README with slide preview and link

Closes #70

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo_w_text.png" width="400" />
</p>

<p align="center"><em>TypeScript Full Stack Image Storage & Caching Library</em></p>

**Pixstore** is a modern, high-performance, and fully secure image storage and caching library for both Node.js backends and browser frontends. It is written in **vanilla TypeScript** with zero external frameworks or heavy dependencies.

Pixstore enables **end-to-end encrypted**, reliable, and scalable image serving for any web app, from simple JavaScript projects to full-stack production systems.

## 🔑 Key Features

- **Automatic browser caching:** Transparent IndexedDB cache with token-based invalidation and eviction.
- **End-to-end encryption:** All images are AES-GCM encrypted, with a unique key per image. Keys never leave the backend by default.
- **Minimal wire protocol:** Efficient, protocol-agnostic binary wire format for image transfer.
- **Stateless secure endpoints:** All access is protected by a stateless, time-based proof and per-image tokens. Default endpoint is now secure-by-default.
- **High performance backend:** Uses SQLite for fast, reliable metadata storage and cache.
- **Production-ready:** Includes comprehensive tests and example apps (Vue+Nest, React+Express).
- **Fully extensible:** Supports custom endpoints and image fetchers for advanced integrations.
- **Minimal dependencies:** Lightweight and easy to audit.
- **TypeScript native:** Full typesafety and strict API design.
- **Universal API:** The same methods and types for both frontend and backend.

---

## 💡 Why Pixstore?

- **Unified image solution:** One library for both backend image storage and frontend caching.
- **Serious security:** Images are always encrypted at rest and in transit; only the intended client can decrypt.
- **True stateless access:** No sessions, cookies, or opaque tokens. All access is cryptographically verifiable.
- **Flexible integration:** Use with any framework or tech stack. Example projects provided.
- **Minimal friction:** Start serving and caching secure images in minutes.
- **Actively maintained:** Frequent updates and new features based on real-world needs.

Pixstore is ideal for any project needing **secure, scalable, and high-performance image handling**, from indie webapps to enterprise SaaS.

---

## ✅ Compatibility

- **Node.js:** v16+ (tested on all current LTS versions)
- **Frameworks:** Compatible with React, Vue, Next.js, Express, NestJS, and more
- **Browsers:** Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge (latest 2 major versions)
- **Module format:** ES Modules (ESM) only

---

## 📦 Installation

Install via NPM:

```bash
npm install pixstore
```

Or using Yarn:

```bash
yarn add pixstore
```

### 📄 [View on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pixstore)

## 📚 Documentation

Learn how to install, configure and use Pixstore:  
👉 [View full documentation](https://sdenizozturk.github.io/pixstore)

---

## 📊 Presentation

Prefer a visual overview instead of reading the full docs?
Check out the Pixstore slide deck. It explains how Pixstore works in a clean and easy-to-follow format.

👉 [View the Pixstore Presentation (PDF)](./assets/pixstore-presentation.pdf)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, bug reports, and suggestions are **welcome**!
Please read the [Contributing Guide](https://sdenizozturk.github.io/pixstore/docs/contributing) before submitting a pull request.

- Found a bug or have a feature request? [Open an issue](https://github.com/sDenizOzturk/pixstore/issues).
- Want to help? See the guide and existing issues.

---

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
