docusaurus/docs/intro.md, before:

---
id: introduction
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

**Pixstore** is a modern, high-performance, and secure image storage & caching library for Node.js backends and browser frontends. It is built entirely with **Vanilla TypeScript**, with no reliance on external frameworks or heavy runtime dependencies.

It enables encrypted, reliable, and scalable image serving for all modern web apps. Pixstore is designed to be minimal, predictable, and easy to integrate into any stack, from plain JavaScript apps to complex full-stack frameworks.

## Key Features

- **Universal API:** Use the same methods on frontend & backend
- **Automatic caching** in browser (IndexedDB) and backend (SQLite)
- **Efficient, scalable image serving** for demanding applications
- **End-to-end AES-GCM encryption** for maximum data security
- **Per-image unique key:** Each image is encrypted with a unique key
- **Minimal dependencies** for easy integration
- **Full TypeScript support**
- **Production-ready:** Fully tested with E2E scenarios
- **Easy extensibility:** Custom endpoint/fetcher

---

## Why Pixstore?

- **Unified solution:** Handle both backend and frontend image storage with a single API.
- **Built-in encryption:** Protect your users’ images at rest and in transit.
- **Minimal setup:** Get started with just a few lines of code.
- **Future-proof:** Actively maintained, with support for new features and storage backends.

Pixstore is ideal for projects that need secure, scalable and fast image handling, from personal projects to large-scale, production web applications.

---

## Compatibility

- **Node.js:** v16+ (tested on LTS versions)
- **Frameworks:** Works with React, Vue, Next.js, Express, NestJS, etc.
- **Browsers:** Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge (last 2 major versions)
- **Module format:** ES Modules (ESM) only

Commit message:

docs: update and complete Docusaurus documentation site
- Complete and restructure full API reference for all Pixstore modules
- Add detailed usage, concepts, types, and examples
- Update and polish Introduction, Installation, and Contributing guides
- Sync README with Docusaurus introduction and install info
- Add/organize sidebar, menus, navigation
- Polish and clarify all sample code, tables, and descriptions
- Update example folders, API docs, and sample apps

Closes #55

docusaurus/docs/intro.md, after:

---
id: introduction
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
---

<p align="center">
  <img src="/pixstore/img/logo_w_text.png" width="400" />
</p>
<p align="center"><em>TypeScript Full Stack Image Storage & Caching Library</em></p>
# Introduction

**Pixstore** is a modern, high-performance, and fully secure image storage and caching library for both Node.js backends and browser frontends. It is written in **vanilla TypeScript** with zero external frameworks or heavy dependencies.

Pixstore enables **end-to-end encrypted**, reliable, and scalable image serving for any web app — from simple JavaScript projects to full-stack production systems.

## Key Features

- **Automatic browser caching:** Transparent IndexedDB cache with token-based invalidation and eviction.
- **End-to-end encryption:** All images are AES-GCM encrypted, with a unique key per image. Keys never leave the backend by default.
- **Minimal wire protocol:** Efficient, protocol-agnostic binary wire format for image transfer.
- **Stateless secure endpoints:** All access is protected by a stateless, time-based proof and per-image tokens. Default endpoint is now secure-by-default.
- **High performance backend:** Uses SQLite for fast, reliable metadata storage and cache.
- **Production-ready:** Includes comprehensive tests and example apps (Vue+Nest, React+Express).
- **Fully extensible:** Supports custom endpoints and image fetchers for advanced integrations.
- **Minimal dependencies:** Lightweight and easy to audit.
- **TypeScript native:** Full typesafety and strict API design.
- **Universal API:** The same methods and types for both frontend and backend.

---

## Why Pixstore?

- **Unified image solution:** One library for both backend image storage and frontend caching.
- **Serious security:** Images are always encrypted at rest and in transit; only the intended client can decrypt.
- **True stateless access:** No sessions, cookies, or opaque tokens. All access is cryptographically verifiable.
- **Flexible integration:** Use with any framework or tech stack. Example projects provided.
- **Minimal friction:** Start serving and caching secure images in minutes.
- **Actively maintained:** Frequent updates and new features based on real-world needs.

Pixstore is ideal for any project needing **secure, scalable, and high-performance image handling**—from indie webapps to enterprise SaaS.

---

## Compatibility

- **Node.js:** v16+ (tested on all current LTS versions)
- **Frameworks:** Compatible with React, Vue, Next.js, Express, NestJS, and more
- **Browsers:** Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge (latest 2 major versions)
- **Module format:** ES Modules (ESM) only
